Alright, here we go.
Now that you know the types of organic content, how to set up your actual
profiles, which
was pretty short, really a minute long, let's talk about how to get set up for
organic accounts
and how to actually warm them up properly.
I highly suggest doing this for anything with organic volume posting.
That means you are making multiple TikTok accounts and posting two or three
times a
day or faceless.
It's the same thing, you are posting two to three times a day, but just with
the edited
content.
Now the first thing is obviously download TikTok and create your account.
Even if you are launching in a week, two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, I
would download
TikTok right away, make sure your account is warm, and start making videos so
that you
actually get comfortable doing this.
When it comes to your user names, alright, here's the deal.
Make it something organic.
I gave an example for Quitter.
Her name was Jack, quit with Jack.
Jack's journey, or you could even just do Jack Jones 1, 2, 3.
Make it simple.
You don't need to overthink it.
I would just use a first name, last name, you can even make it a fake name, and
I would
make it a clear profile picture.
When it comes to the bio, I think you can do really anything you want.
I've seen a lot of people do, like my journey to quitting.
Just no shame to support is actually something someone useful enough in our
Discord community
for organic content.
Sounds like AI, so maybe they use that.
But you don't want the profile to look like a scam, like an ad.
You want to make it look like a real person.
When it comes to the timeline of warming up your account, here's what you do.
You need to take three to four days and give it a commitment of at least 15
minutes a day,
morning, lunch, afternoon, evening.
What you're going to be doing is searching for content, liking, content, and
engaging.
For 15 minutes, it's 45 minutes a day, or 30 to 45 minutes a day, split up
three times.
Make sure TikTok knows you thinks you're an actual account, and trusts you.
When it comes to this, I gave an example for Quitter.
I think it's the best thing to do.
I'll actually just give examples of what we were doing.
We looked at porn addiction recovery, dopamine detox, men's mental health,
breaking bad habits,
benefits of quitting porn, how to break lust, how to quit lust.
We looked up men's masculinity, like male masculinity.
Then our feed was everything about becoming a better man, quitting lust,
quitting porn.
It was filled with self-development creators, religious creators, etc.
The way you do this is you like posts, you comment, you save, and then also on
top of
that, it's really important to click three dots and say, "Not interested for
posts.
You're not interested in them."
Another thing I'd highly recommend is reposting videos and leave comments.
You might think that like, comment, engage, save, share, etc.
Enough.
I really recommend reposting and leaving comments because then actually TikTok
will be like,
"Okay, this is a real person."
You're acting like a consumer on the algorithm.
You're going to get trusted by TikTok, and then they're actually going to push
your
videos because you are playing their game.
As I said before, mark any content as not interested to train the algorithm
that you're
not interested in those accounts.
Now, after four days, you just scroll through your four-year page and out of 10
videos,
eight need to be in your niche.
If eight are in your niche, which is 80% of your four-year page, then you are
good.
You are ready to post.
I highly recommend posting two to three times a day, morning, lunch after noon.
Make sure to spread out at least four or five hours and you're set, man, or
girls.
The last thing I'd say is you want to keep it warm.
This is maintenance.
Especially when you're posting, don't just open the app, post your video,
delete it.
Open the app, scroll for a minute or two, post the video, scroll for a minute
to send
a comment, and then you're good.
Spend some time engaging in the niche videos, maybe liking, commenting, repost
ing videos
so that TikTok always thinks that you are an actual person.
Now, if you are getting under 100 views consistently, you are probably getting
shadow
band and TikTok does not think you are a real person, so you might want to
create a
new account and warm it up.
We've already kind of gone over this, but post three videos a day.
Max, I would do his four, but I really think we should sit in the two to three
days, two
to three videos a day sweet spot.
I would space them at least two hours apart, but I recommend four to five.
Post before 10 a.m., and then add captions, hashtags, and on-screen text.
When it comes to on-screen text, talk to that before, on-screen hooks that you
guys
have seen, hashtags, any relevant hashtags in your niche, and then captions, I
always
like to say quit a corn emoji with @quitterapp.
Depending on what your app is, the value is, you can just tag your app in there
and make
sure that it's being pushed.
Lastly, look, just summarizing this.
You want a three to four days of engaging and warming up your account.
Your four-year page needs to be 80% of content.
Begin posting, and then make sure you engage every single day to maintain trust
and growth.
At the end of the day, this will help you be best prepared to rip millions of
views and
drive downloads and growth for your app guys.
That is how to warm up your organic accounts, and make sure you can also use
this.
Make sure you guys know that you can also use this for faceless, to warm up
your accounts
for faceless.
Let's rip.